Support non-integer exponents to handle the result of square. (#3439)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/unitexpressions.tex

  unit-operand [ unit-exponent ]

unit-exponent :
   [ "+" | "-" ] ( UNSIGNED-INTEGER | "(" UNSIGNED-INTEGER "/" UNSIGNED-INTEGER ")" )
\end{lstlisting}

The SI standard uses super-script for the exponentation, and does thus not define any operator symbol for exponentiation.
A \lstinline[language=grammar]!unit-factor! normally consists of a \lstinline[language=grammar]!unit-operand! possibly suffixed by a possibly signed integer number, which is interpreted as an exponent.

> Rational exponents are needed to fully support the unit for square roots (and can be used for roots in general).
> They are intended to be only be used when needed, i.e., not to represent integer exponents.
> There must be no spacing between the \lstinline[language=grammar]!unit-operand! and a possible \lstinline[language=grammar]!unit-exponent!.

Reviewer: Better to keep the recommendation separate from the more normative description:
```suggestion
There must be no spacing between the \lstinline[language=grammar]!unit-operand! and a possible \lstinline[language=grammar]!unit-exponent!.
It is recommended to use the simplest representation of exponents, meaning that the explicit \lstinline!+! sign should be avoided, that leading zeros should be avoided, that rational exponents are reduced to not have common factors in the numerator and denominator, and that rational exponents with denominator 1 should be avoided in favor of integer exponents.

\begin{nonnormative}
Applications of rational exponents include units of square roots, units inferred from polynomial equations, and units of quantities used in certain modeling domains.
\end{nonnormative}
```

Reviewer: I must say I'm skeptical about including the non-normative section at all.  I'd like to avoid a situation where we build up the expectation that every part of the language comes with a non-normative motivation.  It would at least good to have a quick language group poll about including it.

Author: Since the development is in git I think we can do the change above, but remove the non-normative part.

Author: And possibly add the non-normative part if needed.

  unit-operand [ unit-exponent ]

unit-exponent :
   [ "+" | "-" ] ( UNSIGNED-INTEGER | "(" UNSIGNED-INTEGER "/" UNSIGNED-INTEGER ")" )
\end{lstlisting}

The SI standard uses super-script for the exponentation, and does thus not define any operator symbol for exponentiation.

> A \lstinline[language=grammar]!unit-factor! consists of a \lstinline[language=grammar]!unit-operand! possibly suffixed by a possibly signed integer or rational number, which is interpreted as an exponent.

Reviewer: I just noticed that there's a bit too much of _possibly_ here.  It get's easier to formulate a clear sentence if we don't talk about the signedness at all:
```suggestion
A \lstinline[language=grammar]!unit-factor! consists of a \lstinline[language=grammar]!unit-operand!, optionally suffixed by an integer or rational number which is interpreted as an exponent.
```

Author: I agree that it is clumsy, but it seems it is intended to by a copy of the grammar; so that each "possibly" correspond to an optional variant in the grammar. Seems best to discuss separately.

There must be no spacing between the \lstinline[language=grammar]!unit-operand! and a possible \lstinline[language=grammar]!unit-exponent!.
It is recommended to use the simplest representation of exponents, meaning that the explicit \lstinline!+! sign should be avoided, that leading zeros should be avoided, that rational exponents are reduced to not have common factors in the numerator and denominator, that rational exponents with denominator 1 should be avoided in favor of plain integer exponents, that the exponent 1 is omitted, and that entire factors with exponent 0 are omitted.

> 
> \begin{nonnormative}
> Applications of rational exponents include units of square roots, units inferred from polynomial equations, and units of quantities used in certain modeling domains.
> \end{nonnormative}

Author: ```suggestion
```
Remove non-normative as it is not needed in spec. (We have git history.)
